PREVIOUSLY
ON KITCHEN NIGHTMARES...
I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING
AS BAD AS THIS.
CHEF RAMSAY WAS FORCED
INTO BATTLE
WITH ONE OF THE MOST VOCAL
AND DEFIANT OWNERS
HE HAS EVER ENCOUNTERED.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO
MAKE ME LASAGNA FOR TONIGHT!
JULIE WATSON BOUGHT
A FAST-FOOD JOINT
AND TRIED TO TURN IT
INTO HER DREAM RESTAURANT...
GO TO THE WINDOW--
THIS HAS TO BE A FIRST.
AND ALTHOUGH SHE CHANGED
THE MENU TO ITALIAN,
HER STANDARDS ARE NO BETTER...
JUST DO WHATEVER YOU GUYS
WANT TO DO. HOW'S THAT?
AND MAYBE WORSE...
WOW, THIS IS NOT GOOD.
THAN THE FAST-FOOD RESTAURANT
THAT WAS ONCE THERE.
I DON'T SEE ANYTHING ITALIAN
IN HERE WHATSOEVER.
I THINK IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
ONLY MOMENTS
AFTER GORDON ARRIVED,
IT BECAME ABUNDANTLY CLEAR
THAT THIS BUSINESS
WAS DYSFUNCTIONAL...
YOU TRIED TO PUNCH ME.
AND THAT THE MORALE
WAS EXTREMELY LOW.
NO ONE CARES IF I GET FIRED.
NO ONE CARES ABOUT ME.
THE FOOD WAS DISGUSTING.
THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE HORROR.
AND SO WAS THE KITCHEN.
I TOLD YOU NOT TO USE
THAT MICROWAVE.
KISS MY ASS.
AFTER DISCOVERING THAT
ALL THE PASTA WAS PREMADE...
HE'S NEVER MADE 'EM
AND HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW.
CHEF RAMSAY ASKED HEAD CHEF,
TREVOR, FOR FRESH PASTA.
IT'S TOO OILY. IT'S SUPPOSED
TO BE DOUGH, NOT PASTE.
BUT TREVOR COULDN'T DELIVER.
A CHEF THAT DOESN'T KNOW
HOW TO MAKE PASTA,
AND YOU'RE THE HEAD CHEF
OF AN ITALIAN RESTAURANT?
ALTHOUGH CHEF RAMSAY
POINTED OUT
HOW DIRE THE SITUATION
REALLY WAS...
MEATBALLS--FROZEN.
SAUCE--WATERY.
LASAGNA--THEY CAN'T EVEN
REHEAT IT PROPERLY.
JULIE REFUSED TO ACCEPT IT.
I THINK OUR FOOD'S GOOD.
OH, COME ON.
I'M STANDING BY MY FOOD.
OH, MY GOD.
AT DINNER SERVICE, THERE WERE
MORE SHOCKING REVELATIONS.
THAT'S THE SPINACH
FROM BEHIND THE LINE.
IT'S YELLOW AND LIMP.
OUR SPINACH HAS NEVER,
NEVER, NEVER,
NEVER, NEVER LOOKED
LIKE THIS.
OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS
OF PRECOOKED PASTA,
ENOUGH TO FEED
A PACKED RESTAURANT FOR WEEKS...
WHAT FRUITCAKE'S
OPERATING THIS?
AND THE OVERWHELMING MAJORITY
OF THE FOOD WAS COOKED--
SOMETIMES TWICE--
IN A MICROWAVE.
IN SPITE OF ALL OF THIS,
JULIE REMAINED IN DENIAL MODE.
YOU THINK IT'S OKAY
TO SERVE FROZEN MEATBALLS?
THEY'RE NOT FROZEN.
THEY START OUT FROZEN.
WOULDN'T THAT BE FROZEN?
DESPERATELY LOOKING
FOR A WAY
TO GET THROUGH
TO THE STUBBORN OWNER...
JULIE,
YOU GOT TWO SECONDS?
CHEF RAMSAY ASKED THE CUSTOMERS
ONE VERY IMPORTANT QUESTION.
WHEN YOU COME OUT
TO DINNER,
WHAT PERCENTAGE OF THAT MENU
WOULD YOU EXPECT TO BE FRESH?
- 90% TO 100%.
- 90% TO 100%,
BUT LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
IT'S NOT EVEN 5% FRESH.
JULIE COULDN'T HANDLE
THE UGLY TRUTH...
I'M LEAVING.
AND DECIDED SHE HAD ENOUGH.
JULIE.
I'M NOT TAKING
ANY MORE.
I'M WALKING OUT.
YOU'RE WALKING OUT?
I CANNOT DO THAT.
TONIGHT THE DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
OF MANGIA MANGIA...
GET A GRIP FAST.
WILL JULIE BAIL
ON HER RESTAURANT?
I'M JUST EXHAUSTED.
IN ONE OF THE MOST INTENSE
KITCHEN NIGHTMARES EVER...
I'M SO STRESSED OUT.
YOU WILL WITNESS
STUNNING REVELATIONS...
WHO'S ON DRUGS?
BETRAYAL...
YOU ARE  LYING.
WHO INTERROGATES IT?
AND DISAPPOINTMENT...
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
AS CHEF RAMSAY IS FORCED
TO DEAL WITH SOMETHING
HE HAS NEVER DEALT WITH BEFORE.
THIS IS NOT WORKING
FOR ME ANYMORE.
WHAT IS THAT?
YOU'RE SERVING ROTTEN FOOD.
THEY'RE NOT CRAP.
THEY'RE DELICIOUS.
THEN WAKE UP!
YOU WAKE UP!
SHUT THE PLACE DOWN.
GET OUT OF HERE!
THAT IS AMAZING.
THAT'S EMBARRASSING!
OH, GOD!
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
JUST OUT OF INTEREST,
WHEN YOU DECIDED
TO COME HERE THIS EVENING,
YOU LOOK AT THE MENU.
WHAT PERCENTAGE OF THAT MENU
WOULD YOU EXPECT TO BE FRESH?
LET'S START FROM TABLE
TO TABLE.
LADIES?
90% TO 100%.
90% TO 100%. MADAM?
SIR?
100% ALL THE WAY.
WELL, I AM DEEPLY SORRY,
BUT LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
IT'S NOT EVEN 5% FRESH.
IT WAS OBVIOUS.
AND 95% OF EVERYTHING YOU'VE
EATEN THIS EVENING IS FROZEN.
AND YOU CAN COOK BETTER
AT HOME, YES?
- YEP.
- YES.
SO WHY DO YOU THINK
IT'S FINE NOW?
- I'M LEAVING.
- YOU'RE RUNNING AWAY?
I'M NOT TAKING ANY MORE.
JULIE.
WALKING OUT.
YOU'RE WALKING OUT?
WOW.
JUST NOT IN THE MOOD FOR IT.
I'M NOT GONNA BE
SCREAMED AT LIKE THAT.
- I CAN'T DO IT.
- JULIE.
I CANNOT DO THAT.
I'M WALKING OUT.
I'M DONE.
YOU DON'T CARE.
YOU'RE SCREAMING AT ME
IN FRONT OF CUSTOMERS.
BECAUSE YOU DON'T
LISTEN.
I DO LISTEN.
YOU DO NOT LISTEN.
I WAS PROVING A POINT.
I WASN'T SCREAMING AT YOU.
I DON'T--UGH.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME
TO SAY HERE?
I WANT YOU TO WAKE UP.
YOU'RE BELITTLING ME.
YOU'RE--YOU'RE--
I AM BELITTLING YOU?
YOU'RE TEARING ME APART.
SO YOU THINK IT'S RIGHT
TO TAKE THEIR MONEY?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T KNOW?
I-I AM--I-I--
OKAY, 90% TO 95% FRESH.
THAT'S WHAT THEY CAME
TO YOUR RESTAURANT FOR,
AND EVERYTHING
I'VE SHOWED YOU TONIGHT,
YOU'RE BLAMING
YOUR CHEFS.
I AM NOT BLAMING MY CHEFS.
YOU CAN ASK--
I TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FOR A LOT OF THE
THAT GOES ON
IN THIS RESTAURANT.
HONESTLY, I FEEL LIKE
IT'S A FREE-FOR-ALL HERE.
YOU RUN AND DO WHAT YOU CAN
AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE
UNTIL YOUR SHIFT'S OVER.
AND THAT'S IT?
THAT'S IT.
YOU GUYS HAVE NEVER SAID
THIS KIND OF STUFF TO ME, EVER.
EVER.
I SAY STUFF ALL THE TIME.
YOU NEVER SAY
ANYTHING, KEVIN!
I'VE ASKED
FOR A CLEANING LIST.
CLEANING LIST FOR THE BACK AREA
TO KEEP  CLEAN.
HOW LONG AGO WAS THIS?
THREE WEEKS AGO?
THANK YOU.
WHERE IS IT?
YOU KNOW, LIKE, COMMON STUFF
TO CLEAN, WHERE IS IT?
HEY, KEVIN, LET'S TALK
ABOUT ALL THE TIMES
YOU HAVEN'T SHOWED UP TO WORK
WITH YOUR TIE.
TWO TIMES.
YOU'RE SO DISRESPECTFUL
TO HER!
YOU NEED TO SHOW
A LITTLE RESPECT!
SHE DOESN'T WANT TO LISTEN TO
ANYTHING WE HAVE TO  SAY!
SHE TRIES TO, BUT YOU GUYS
DON'T EVEN GIVE HER A CHANCE!
YOU GUYS, I HAVE TALKED TO YOU
100 TIMES. STOP.
I HAVE TALKED TO YOU
OVER AND OVER AND OVER.
- YOU KNOW I HAVE, TREVOR.
- YOU'RE  LYING. YOU ARE.
WHAT--
I HAVE SAT DOWN AND TALKED
TO YOU SO MANY TIMES AND SAID,
"WHAT CAN WE DO
TO MAKE THIS BETTER?"
AND YOU NEVER
SAY ANYTHING.
SO THAT'S A  LIE.
'CAUSE EVERY TIME I DO
SAY SOMETHING, GET SHUT DOWN!
YOU ARE  LYING.
WHATEVER.
SHE'S GIVEN YOU SO MANY CHANCES,
TREVOR, AND YOU KNOW IT.
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR HABITS
FOR A SECOND
AND ALL THE TIMES
YOU COME IN SO HIGH
THAT YOU THROW
AT THE WALLS,
SO HIGH THAT YOU WANT
TO  PUNCH--
WHO INTERROGATES IT?
YOU!
NO, YOU--
YOU GET  OUT
OF THIS RESTAURANT,
AND WE CAN WORK!
NO, I DON'T
YOU ANYTHING!
YOU'RE SO HIGH ALL THE
TIME THAT WHEN YOU GO OFF
DRUGS,
YOU GET SO ANGRY
THAT YOU
DON'T EVEN WANT TO WORK!
DRUGS? WHO'S ON DRUGS?
HE'S A  TWEAKER!
AND YOU  KNOW
YOU'RE A TWEAKER!
YOU'VE BEEN DOING DRUGS
FOR THREE YEARS!
JANELLE, JANELLE, COME HERE.
JANELLE, COME HERE.
COME HERE, COME HERE, COME HERE.
NO!  HIM!
HE DESERVES TO BE FIRED,
AND YOU KNOW IT!
HE TRIED
TO  PUNCH ME!
AND IF I WERE TO LET HIM
RIGHT NOW, HE'D PROBABLY...
JANELLE, JANELLE--
PUNCH ME AGAIN!
HE'S SUCH A
AND SO DISRESPECTFUL!
OKAY, STAY AWAY
FROM HERE NOW.
DARLING, GO INSIDE
THE RESTAURANT, PLEASE,
AND GET A GLASS OF WATER,
PLEASE.
THAT IS NOT RIGHT.
HOW LONG HAS THIS
BEEN BUILDING UP?
A LONG TIME.
THE WAY YOU'RE RUNNING
THIS PLACE IS INCORRECT.
HOW IN THE HELL
ARE THESE DOORS STILL OPEN?
BECAUSE I FIGHT AND BATTLE
TO KEEP THE RESTAURANT TOGETHER.
FOR WHAT?
BECAUSE I WANT IT
TO SUCCEED.
WHY DO YOU WANT IT
TO SUCCEED?
BECAUSE IT'S
MY RESTAURANT.
IT'S MY RESTAURANT.
YOU KNOW WHAT? SOMETIMES
IT'S GOOD TO STOP COMPLETELY
AND START AGAIN.
YOU'RE JUST CONTINUING.
I'M NOT TRYING TO RUB YOUR FACE
IN IT, BUT WHEN YOU TELL ME--
BUT THAT'S
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE.
BECAUSE YOU'RE IN DENIAL.
'CAUSE YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT'S WHAT THE CUSTOMERS WANT.
YOU CAN'T TAKE THE CRITICISM.
I CAN TAKE IT.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
YES, I CAN.
YOU'RE GONNA STAND THERE
AND ARGUE THAT THE
THAT YOU'RE DEFROSTING
AND COOK IN THE MICROWAVE
IS WHAT THE LOCALS WANT.
LUNCHTIME, YOU KEPT ON
TELLING ME, "MY FOOD'S GOOD.
MY FOOD'S GOOD.
MY FOOD'S GOOD."
AND THEN ALL NIGHT,
EVERY 15 MINUTES,
SOMETHING ELSE CROPS UP,
OR THAT'S BEEN DEFROSTED,
OR THAT'S FROZEN,
OR THAT'S THE--CRAZY.
COOKING VEGETARIAN DISHES
IN THE SAME BREAD CRUMBS
THAT YOU WERE
WITH CHICKEN PARM.
AND YOU HAVE A CATERING COMPANY
THAT PROVIDES FROZEN FOOD.
YOU DEFROST IT.
HE REHEATS IT
AND THROWS IT OUT THERE.
CUSTOMERS
AREN'T THAT STUPID!
I'M SORRY,
BUT THE TRUTH HURTS.
AND I'VE CLOSED
A RESTAURANT BEFORE.
I'VE FAILED IN MY HOMETOWN,
BUT I DON'T STAND THERE
WITH THE ARROGANCE,
THINKING, "IT'S PERFECT."
I NEVER SAID
IT WAS PERFECT.
SO WHY ARE YOU TAKING
THEIR MONEY?
BECAUSE I'M TRYING.
HOW ABOUT TRYING TO MAKE
THEIR EXPERIENCE A BIT BETTER?
OR YOU'RE NOT UP FOR THAT?
I AM UP FOR THAT.
ARE YOU?
YES, I AM.
SO WHERE'S
THAT PASSION, THEN?
I HAVE PASSION.
WHERE? WHAT DISH?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST...
EXHAUSTED.
I'M STRUGGLING TO FIND
ANYTHING POSITIVE.
I'M STRUGGLING
TO TASTE SOMETHING
THAT SHOULD BE SERVED
IN A RESTAURANT.
AND THIS IS NOT
HOW RESTAURANTS RUN.
TRUST ME--
THIS IS NOT NORMAL.
I THOUGHT
IT WAS NORMAL.
I THOUGHT I WAS DOING RIGHT.
I DON'T THINK
THEY EVEN ENJOY
SERVING THAT.
APPARENTLY, I'M DOING IT
ALL  WRONG.
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'M WAITING FOR.
GET A GRIP FAST.
FINISH CIGARETTE
AND CLEAR DOWN.
MY HEAD IS JUST SPINNING.
I THOUGHT I WAS DOING IT RIGHT.
I DID.
AND WHEN CHEF RAMSAY SAID THAT
I DIDN'T CARE ABOUT THIS PLACE,
I DO.
OTHERWISE, I WOULDN'T BE HERE
DOING THIS RIGHT NOW.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME
SINCE CHEF RAMSAY HAS SEEN
SO MUCH TENSION BETWEEN AN OWNER
AND A KITCHEN STAFF.
LET'S GO IN THE DINING ROOM
AND HAVE A QUICK CATCH-UP.
BEFORE HE CAN EVEN BEGIN
TO PUSH FORWARD
WITH IMPROVEMENTS
TO THE RESTAURANT,
HE KNOWS HE NEEDS TO HAVE
A HEART-TO-HEART
WITH THE PEOPLE
WHO WORK IN IT.
OKAY, I WANT TO TALK
TO YOU ALL AS A GROUP.
YESTERDAY WAS A BAD DAY.
THE ATMOSPHERE IN HERE
IS DREADFUL.
THE RELATIONSHIPS ARE BAD.
THIS WAS UGLY.
I HAVE TO SAY
THAT SOME OF THE THINGS
THAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY,
I WAS STUNNED.
I HAVE NEVER BEEN TALKED TO
BY MY STAFF, EVER.
LAST NIGHT WHEN KEVIN
TALKED TO ME THE WAY HE DID,
I WAS SHOCKED.
KEVIN HAS NEVER RAISED
HIS VOICE TO ME, EVER.
EVERYTHING WAS
AT A BOILING POINT.
THERE'S A FEAR AROUND HERE.
EVERYBODY'S WALKING
ON EGGSHELLS.
THEY'RE SO AFRAID
THAT THEY THINK
SHE'S GONNA JUMP
OFF THE HANDLE
BECAUSE SHE'S SO FRANTIC
THAT WE'RE ALL ON EDGE.
THAT ISN'T TRUE.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I AM VERY FORGIVING.
THAT'S A BLATANT LIE.
YOU WERE SO RUDE
AND SO DISRESPECTFUL
TO ME LAST NIGHT.
HOW DO YOU EXPECT US TO ACT?
I NEVER SAID A WORD TO YOU.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I WAS THE COMPUTER.
YOU GONNA TELL ME TO HURRY UP,
GET OUT THE WAY?
JULIE, WHY DID YOU
GO AFTER CHRIS?
I'VE HAD CUSTOMERS
IN THIS LAST WEEK,
TOLD ME THAT CHRIS IS
IN THE RESTAURANT,
TALKING ,
SAYING WHAT A BITCH I AM.
IS THIS LEGIT?
THIS IS LEGIT.
ALL RIGHT, I--
AND I HAVE--
I MEAN, IF SHE'S GONNA SAY THAT,
THEN SHE'S FORCING ME
TO DEFEND MYSELF.
SAY WHAT YOU WANT, CHRIS.
SHE HAS PEOPLE CALLING HER
A BITCH ON A DAILY BASIS,
OUT LOUD, IN FRONT OF HER FACE,
AND I HAVE DEFENDED HER.
WELL, I'VE HEARD THAT--
AND IT'S--IT'S--IT'S--
YOU KNOW--
NO, I'VE HEARD PEOPLE SAYING
THAT YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT EVERYTHING THAT YOU THINK
IS WRONG WITH THE RESTAURANT.
HAVE I BEEN TALKING ABOUT
WHAT I THINK THE PROBLEMS IS,
WHAT I THINK THAT COULD HELP
THIS PLACE OUT? ABSOLUTELY.
DID I EVER ONCE BAD-MOUTH HER?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
YES, YOU DID.
I DID NOT ONCE SAY ANYTHING.
IF I'VE SAID ANYTHING,
IT'S THAT THE PEOPLE THAT ARE
AROUND HER ARE INCOMPETENT.
AND SHE HAS A RIGHT
TO BE PISSED OFF.
THAT'S WHAT I'VE SAID.
I NEVER SAID ANYTHING...
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
ABOUT HER IN
A DISRESPECTFUL WAY.
THAT'S B. S.
SO DON'T TELL ME
THAT I DON'T COME IN HERE
AND DO WHAT
I'M SUPPOSED TO DO.
DON'T TELL ME THAT I DON'T.
I'VE HAD MORE PEOPLE TELL ME,
"THIS IS THE BEST SERVICE
I'VE HAD,
AND I'VE BEEN COMING HERE
SINCE THIS PLACE WAS OPEN."
I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT LAST NIGHT.
I'M TALKING ABOUT
SINCE I'VE BEEN HERE.
I'M TALKING ABOUT THE PEOP--
CHRIS, I'M TALKING
ABOUT TABLES THAT TELL ME THAT
YOU TALK--
AND I'M TELLING YOU
WHAT THE TABLES ARE TELLING ME.
CHRIS, I'M NOT GONNA ARGUE
WITH YOU, BECAUSE--
I'M NOT ARGUING
WITH YOU EITHER.
I KNOW WHAT I SAID, AND I NEVER
SAID NOTHING LIKE THAT.
AND I KNOW WHAT
THE CUSTOMERS HAVE SAID TO ME.
LOTS.
WELL, I DON'T--
I CAN'T DEAL
WITH WHAT PEOPLE
ARE TELLING YOU.
I'M TELLING YOU WHAT I KNOW.
ALL THE STUFF THAT'S WRONG
IN THIS PLACE,
I COULD'VE WENT ON FOR DAYS
ABOUT THE STUFF THAT'S GOING ON,
BUT I DIDN'T.
I'M TRYING TO BE HELPFUL.
I'M TRYING TO HELP YOU OUT.
I'M TRYING TO PUT YOU
IN A PLACE
WHERE ALL OF US CAN MAKE
A LITTLE BIT MORE MONEY,
AND IF SOMEBODY TOOK THAT
AS ME BEING RUDE TO JULIE,
HEY, MAN, THAT'S JUST
THE WAY IT IS.
YOU CRAZY.
YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT
THE PROBLEM IS AROUND HERE?
IT'S BLARING.
IT'S GOT STARS ALL AROUND IT.
JULIE, THERE SEEMS TO BE
AN AIR OF DISCOMFORT
WITH YOU AROUND THE CUSTOMERS
AND THE STAFF.
WHY ARE YOU SO AGITATED?
I HAVE TO BE IN THE BACK
AND HELPING THE STAFF,
AND IT'S TOO STRESSFUL
TRYING TO DO BOTH.
I JUST THINK YOU SHOULD
FOCUS MORE ON MANAGING.
I MEAN, YOU HAVE A HARD TIME
FOCUSING ON WHAT YOU NEED TO--
RIGHT, I'M TOO SCAT--
YEAH, YOU'RE TOO SCATTERED.
I'M TOO SCATTERED.
YEAH.
ORGANIZATION.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M TOO SCATTERED.
I DON'T KNOW, BUT I THINK
WHAT YOU HAVEN'T DONE IS,
YOU HAVEN'T PRIORITIZED
THE LIST OF IMPORTANCE
IN TERMS OF WHAT YOU NEED
TO ACCOMPLISH...
RIGHT.
BECAUSE YOU SEEM
FAR TOO AGITATED
AND WAY TOO ON EDGE.
I AGREE, BUT SOME OF THE BLAME
IS MY STAFF.
THE WHOLE STAFF?
NO. THE MAJOR ISSUES
IN THE RESTAURANT ARE TREVOR.
TREVOR IS CREATING A LOT
OF STRESS IN THE RESTAURANT
BECAUSE HE HAS A BAD ATTITUDE.
HE DOESN'T WANT TO WORK.
HE WANTS TO STAND
BEHIND THAT LINE
AND ONLY COOK HIS FOOD.
I CANNOT SCHEDULE HIM
IN THE DAY,
OR HE JUST WON'T SHOW UP.
OKAY.
HE JUST DOESN'T SHOW UP.
HOW LONG HAS THIS
BEEN GOING ON FOR?
IT'S GOTTEN REALLY BAD
IN THE LAST SIX,
EIGHT MONTHS, REALLY BAD.
SO HE'S CHECKED OUT?
YES. HE'S ABSOLUTELY
TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ME
BECAUSE MY HANDS ARE TIED
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE
ANYBODY ELSE
IN THE RESTAURANT.
AND THE DAYS THAT HE DOESN'T
APPEAR, WHAT ARE THE EXCUSES?
HE DOESN'T HAVE AN EXCUSE.
HE JUST DOESN'T SHOW UP.
TREVOR, YOUR SIDE--
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HAVE YOU GIVEN UP?
I HAD THOSE DAYS, YES.
SOME DAYS ARE BETTER
THAN OTHERS.
NOT ONLY ARE YOU IN
WAY OVER YOUR HEAD,
BUT YOU'RE
OUT OF YOUR DEPTH.
YES, CHEF.
ONE MISTAKE HAPPENS, AND YOU
GET ANGRY WITH EVERYBODY.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU FELT SO ANGRY
BEHIND THAT LINE?
IT'S GROWN AND BUILT
OVER THIS PAST YEAR.
WHY'D YOU COME IN
WITH THAT ATTITUDE?
I WAS IN OVER MY HEAD
AT THE TIME.
MM-HMM.
I WAS IN MY OWN
PERSONAL PROBLEMS...
AND BROUGHT IT
INTO THE RESTAURANT.
MM-HMM.
AND THIS IS PART OF THE PROBLEM.
WHEN TREVOR GETS ANGRY
RIGHT.
AND HAS ONE OF HIS FITS,
IT HAPPENS IN THE RESTAURANT
WHILE WE'RE FULL.
ANDIE CALLS ME QUITE
A BIT AND SAYS,
"TREVOR'S REFUSING TO COOK.
"HE'S OUT BACK SMOKING.
THERE'S TICKETS ON THE LINE.
YOU NEED TO COME
TO THE RESTAURANT."
RIGHT.
"BECAUSE HE'S ACTING
LIKE AN ASS AND SAYING,
'I WON'T COOK.'"
AND NONE OF THIS IS BROUGHT
TO MY ATTENTION AT THE TIME.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO FIX
SOMETHING IF IT'S--
BECAUSE WE'RE SCARED OF YOU,
TREVOR.
I'M SCARED OF YOU.
RIGHT, WHEN YOU WENT
FOR JANELLE PERSONALLY,
WHY DOES THE JOB TAKE YOU
THAT FAR IN THE UNKNOWN?
THAT DAY--
YOU GET THAT ANGRY
THAT YOU WANT
TO PUNCH HER?
THAT DAY, WE HAD A NEW COOK,
KIND OF LIPPED OFF TO ME,
AND I WAS SAYING STUFF
UNDER MY BREATH,
AND THEN OUT OF NOWHERE,
SHE COMES TO THE BACK AND YELLS,
"NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU.
NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOUR LIFE."
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU WERE THROWING
THINGS AT THE WALL.
IT DOESN'T INVOLVE YOU.
I HAVE TABLES, TREVOR.
I HAD TABLES SAYING,
"THAT GUY IS HIGH.
THAT GUY--
I'M SCARED TO BE IN HERE
RIGHT NOW."
YOU WERE YELLING ABOUT MY MOM,
ABOUT HOW SHE WAS A BITCH.
SHE IS MY MOTHER.
I DON'T THINK YOU REALIZE THAT.
SHE IS MY MOTHER. HOW WOULD YOU
LIKE IT IF SOMEONE TALKED
ABOUT YOUR MOTHER LIKE THAT?
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE IT
IF SOMEONE CALLED YOUR MOM
A BITCH AND STUPID
AND WORTHLESS?
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE THAT?
I DON'T WORK WITH MY MOM.
I DON'T HAVE
THOSE KIND OF PROBLEMS.
WELL, BUT HOW WOULD YOU LIKE--
SHE IS MY MOM!
I KNOW SHE'S IS.
SHE IS MY MOM.
AND I HAVE RESPECT FOR HER.
NO, YOU DO NOT.
YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR HER.
I DON'T HAVE RESPECT FOR YOU.
I DON'T HAVE RESPECT
FOR YOU EITHER.
THERE IS NO QUESTION
THAT MANGIA MANGIA
HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS
WITH THE FOOD,
BUT THE INTERPERSONAL PROBLEMS
OF THIS RESTAURANT
IS CHEF RAMSAY'S BIGGEST HURDLE
TO OVERCOME.
WE'RE SCARED OF YOU, TREVOR.
I'M SCARED OF YOU.
AND THE RELATIONSHIP
BETWEEN JULIE'S DAUGHTER JANELLE
AND CHEF TREVOR
MAY BE IMPOSSIBLE TO FIX.
YOU WERE THROWING THINGS
AT THE WALL.
IT DOESN'T INVOLVE YOU.
I HAD TABLES SAYING,
"THAT GUY IS HIGH.
THAT GUY--I'M SCARED
TO BE IN HERE RIGHT NOW."
SO, JANELLE, COULD THE CUSTOMERS
HEAR HIM THROWING THINGS AG--
YES, HE WAS YELLING AND SLAMMING
AND SLAMMING POTS.
HE WAS THROWING KNIVES
AGAINST THE CUTTING BOARDS.
WERE YOU SCARED?
YEAH, I WAS SCARED,
AND MY TABLE WAS SCARED TOO.
HERE WE ARE WITH A BUSINESS
LOSING THOUSANDS
OF DOLLARS A WEEK,
AND YOU START SHOUTING
AND SCREAMING IN THE KITCHEN,
PETRIFYING THE CUSTOMERS,
PETRIFYING THE OWNER'S DAUGHTER.
WERE YOU HIGH?
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT..
JULIE.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I DIDN'T KNOW
THAT HE WAS HIGH THAT DAY.
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT IT WAS
MAYBE ONCE EVERY SIX MONTHS,
AND I TALKED TO HIM
ABOUT HIS DRUG USE
ON SEVERAL OCCASIONS,
AND HE SAID, "I'M DONE.
I'LL NEVER DO IT AGAIN."
HE PROMISED FOR ME.
OBVIOUSLY, I DIDN'T KNOW
ENOUGH ABOUT DRUGS.
AND HOW LONG HAS THIS
BEEN LIKE THIS?
A GOOD TIME.
12 MONTHS?
LONGER THAN THAT.
AND WHAT'S THE SUBSTANCE?
I DIDN'T KNOW.
UH, IT'S AMPHETAMINES.
SO IT'S SERIOUS STUFF?
ARE YOU ATTENDING MEETINGS?
NO, SIR.
YOU'RE NOT?
THIS IS NOT ABOUT A CHEF
AND THE OWNER'S DAUGHTER
FALLING OUT.
THIS IS TOXIC.
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR,
SOMEONE TO GET HURT?
IT'S--IT'S TIME TO MAKE SOME
CHANGES IN THIS RESTAURANT...
NOW.
AND I'M READY.
TREVOR, THIS IS NOT WORKING
FOR ME ANYMORE.
I HAVE HAD THIS CONVERSATION
WITH YOU ABOUT YOUR DRUG USE
FOR TOO MANY TIMES.
IT'S BECOME POISON
IN THE RESTAURANT,
AND I CAN'T DO THAT.
AND YOU'RE FIRED.
I'M NOT DOING IT ANYMORE.
I'M SORRY. I CAN'T HAVE
THIS GOING ON.
I RESPECT YOUR HONESTY,
BUT YOU CANNOT WALK IN HERE
UNDER THE INFLUENCE...
I UNDERSTAND.
ON YOUR DOWNWARD SPIRAL, START
TURNING THIS PLACE UPSIDE DOWN,
AND YOU CERTAINLY CAN'T COOK
WHILST ON THAT.
YOU NEED HELP.
LISTEN, EVERYBODY IN THIS ROOM
HAS MADE MISTAKES,
AND YOU'VE MADE
ONE OF THEM.
YES, CHEF.
TREVOR, LET'S HAVE A WORD
OUTSIDE TOGETHER.
YES, CHEF.
WOW. THAT WAS TOUGH.
I TALKED TO HIM.
HE SAID, "I'M NOT DOING THAT."
I BELIEVED HIM, OBVIOUSLY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
YOU NEED HELP, BUD.
I KNOW.
AND YOU GOT TO GET
INTO TREATMENT QUICKLY.
I WANT YOU TO GET YOURSELF HOME
AND GET YOURSELF TREATMENT.
I WILL.
OKAY, BUD.
TAKE CARE.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
IT'LL BE BETTER FOR HIM.
I DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS DOING
DRUGS, AND I-I WOULD'VE--
YEAH, I DIDN'T KNOW.
I'M EMBARRASSED. I CAN'T BELIEVE
ANY OF THIS WENT ON.
BUT I THINK HAVING TREVOR
BEING SO YOUNG AND INEXPERIENCED
ON MY LINE
AND ME EXPECTING HIM TO KNOW
HOW TO MOVE THIS RESTAURANT
FORWARD, IT WAS A BIG MISTAKE.
I'M VERY NERVOUS
TO GO FORWARD.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN FROM NOW.
I JUST DON'T KNOW.
AFTER LEARNING
THAT MANGIA MANGIA'S
HEAD CHEF, TREVOR,
HAS BEEN ABUSING DRUGS,
JULIE HAS DECIDED TO LET HIM GO.
NOW CHEF RAMSAY
WANTS TO MAKE SURE
THAT JULIE IS COMMITTED
TO MAKING BIG CHANGES
TO PUTTING HER RESTAURANT
ON A PATH TO SUCCESS.
THE ATMOSPHERE IN HERE
IS DREADFUL.
EVERYBODY IS AT
SUCH A HIGH STRESS LEVEL.
OKAY.
BUT WITH REGARDS TO TREVOR--
I DIDN'T KNOW.
I UNDERSTAND.
I HAVE A LOT OF EXPERIENCE
WITH ADDICTS,
AND HE IS IN A BAD PLACE
RIGHT NOW.
HE IS NOT FIT TO BE A HEAD COOK
OR A SENIOR COOK
OR A PERSONAL
RESPONSIBILITY.
I KNEW THAT I NEEDED
TO LET TREVOR GO.
I KNEW THAT HE WAS THE CANCER
IN THE RESTAURANT
THAT WAS CAUSING
A LOT OF BAD ATTITUDES.
YEAH.
OKAY, I RESPECT
YOUR DECISION,
BUT I WOULD SERIOUSLY LIKE YOU
TO CONSIDER,
DOWN THE ROAD,
IF HE GETS HIS ACT TOGETHER,
JUST KEEPING THAT DOOR OPEN.
I WILL.
HE NEEDS TO STEP UP
AND GET CLEAN.
OKAY.
I UNDERSTAND.
BUT HERE'S THE THING--
I NEED TO KNOW NOW THAT YOU,
DEEP DOWN INSIDE,
ARE SERIOUSLY COMMITTED
TO CHANGE.
I AM ABSOLUTELY COMMITTED
TO CHANGE,
ABSOLUTELY 100%.
YOU NEED TO HAVE
A BETTER VISION,
BECAUSE YOU'RE
SO FRAGMENTED.
I AGREE.
AND YOU'RE NOT FOCUSED
ON ANYTHING.
IT'S NOT THE WAY
TO RUN A BUSINESS.
I'M TOO SPREAD OUT.
YOU WEREN'T EVEN COOKING
YOUR FOOD.
NO.
WE'VE GOT TO CHANGE THE FOOD.
THE FOOD HAS GOT TO BE CHANGED.
GOOD..
WHAT OTHER THINGS
DID YOU THINK ABOUT
THAT YOU WANT TO CHANGE?
I NEED TO QUIT
WAITING TABLES,
AND I NEED TO HAVE BETTER
COMMUNICATION WITH MY STAFF.
THAT'S A HUGE COMMITMENT...
IT IS.
DOING WHAT YOU JUST SAID.
I CAN DO IT.
EVERYTHING YOU JUST SAID IS--
I CAN DO THIS.
IT'S TRUE.
I AGREE.
I NEED TO TAKE CARE OF THIS.
WE'VE GOT A GAP TO FILL
IN THE KITCHEN.
YES, WE DO,
AND I'M TERRIFIED.
THIS PLACE NEEDS A CHEF
THAT CAN HELP RUN THIS BUSINESS
FROM THE ENGINE ROOM
AND TO GET THE BUSINESS AFLOAT
AND UP AND RUNNING
AND MAKING MORE MONEY.
NO, I-I--NO, I AGREE.
I ABSOLUTELY AGREE WITH YOU.
I'M GONNA MAKE SOME CALLS,
AND I'M GONNA GET HELP.
OKAY. I APPRECIATE IT.
THANK YOU.
IT'S TIME TO MAKE SOME SERIOUS
CHANGES IN THIS RESTAURANT.
I KNOW I'VE BEEN
PART OF THE PROBLEM,
BUT I'M READY TO GO FORWARD
AND MAKE THIS RESTAURANT
SUCCESSFUL.
NOW THAT JULIE UNDERSTANDS
THE NECESSITY
OF DRAMATIC CHANGES
TO THE RESTAURANT,
CHEF RAMSAY
WANTS TO SHOW JULIE
THE IMPACT AND IMPORTANCE
OF FRESH INGREDIENTS.
I'M GONNA COOK,
YOU'RE GONNA WATCH.
OKAY.
THERE ARE TWO DISHES
WE'RE GONNA MAKE--
A SIMPLE LASAGNA
AND A SIMPLE ROAST SALMON.
HAVE YOU EVER FUNCTIONED THIS
RESTAURANT WITHOUT A MICROWAVE?
NO.
WOW.
AND HOW MANY RESTAURANTS
DO YOU THINK
FUNCTION MORE WITH A MICROWAVE
THAN THEY DO WITH THEIR OVENS?
THAT I DON'T KNOW.
NO.
NOT MANY AT ALL.
THAT'S ALL CHANGING AS WELL.
OKAY.
I CAN'T WAIT
FOR CHEF RAMSAY TO SHOW ME
HOW A REAL, TRUE KITCHEN
IS SUPPOSED TO BE RUN.
HE'S GONNA TEACH ME
HOW TO COOK
BECAUSE WE'RE DOING IT
ALL WRONG.
SO THE EXCITING THING
ABOUT LASAGNA IS IN THE LAYERS--
TOMATO, MEAT SAUCE,
MOZZARELLA, PASTA.
HOW DIFFICULT WAS THAT?
LOOKS PRETTY EASY.
TOOK FIVE MINUTES.
PRETTY EASY.
OKAY.
WHAT DO YOU DISLIKE ABOUT BEING
IN THE KITCHEN THE MOST?
THE STRESS OF BEING
BEHIND THE LINE.
WHEN YOU'VE GOT A GREAT PREP AND
YOU'VE GOT YOURSELF ORGANIZED,
IT BECOMES
THE MOST PLEASURABLE
AND THE MOST DE-STRESSFUL THING
YOU CAN EVER DO.
LITTLE SALT,
LITTLE PEPPER.
NOW, INTO THE MICROWAVE
FOR FOUR MINUTES--
OFF.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
YOU'RE GOOD AT TAKING ORDERS,
BUT YOU'VE GOT A BAKE. USE IT.
OKAY, OPEN THE FRIDGE
AND TAKE THAT OUT, PLEASE.
WHAT IS THAT?
SALMON.
YEAH.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN "SALMON"?
FRESH SALMON.
HOW DO YOU KNOW IT'S FRESH?
BECAUSE I CAN TELL
BY THE LOOK OF IT,
IT'S GOT
THAT DARK PINK COLOR.
RIGHT.
HOW'D YOU COOK SALMON?
THEY COOK IT
ON THE FLAT TOP.
ON THE GRILL.
THEY COOK IT
ON THE FLAT TOP.
ON THE GRILL.
NOW, COOKING SALMON THIS WAY
IS A LOT EASIER
THAN IT IS
ON THAT SOLID TOP.
ONCE YOU'VE GOT A GOOD COLOR
IN SALMON,
TURN IT OVER ONCE.
WOW. THAT LOOKS
SO MUCH BETTER.
THE PRACTICE YOU WERE DOING
BEFOREHAND
WAS SO MUCH MORE DIFFICULT.
YOU CAN DO
ALL THESE BEAUTIFUL DISHES
SO EASY, IN A SHORT AMOUNT
OF TIME, AND MAKE 'EM FRESH.
WE ARE DONE WITH MICROWAVES.
WE ARE DONE WITH FROZEN FOOD.
I AM BUYING EVERYTHING FRESH.
THIS IS JUST A SMALL SAMPLE
OF HOW EXCITING
YOUR ITALIAN FARE COULD BE, AND
WHEN YOU'RE THE ONLY RESTAURANT
WITHIN A 15- TO 20-MILE RADIUS
SERVING FOOD LIKE THIS,
TRUST ME--THERE SHOULD BE
A QUEUE UP OUTSIDE THE DOOR.
WE ARE RELAUNCHING
THIS RESTAURANT TOMORROW,
AND WE ALL HAVE TO WORK
AS HARD AS WE EVER HAVE
TO REPOSITION
THIS RESTAURANT.
YES.
I KNOW YOU'VE GONE THROUGH A LOT
AND THERE'S A LOT HAPPENING,
DON'T CRY.
BUT--
I KNOW.
I'M JUST STRESSED.
WHAT ARE YOU
STRESSED ABOUT?
JUST THE--THIS, ALL OF IT.
IT'S STRESSFUL.
HAVING THAT ANXIETY IS NORMAL.
BOTTLING IT UP IS NOT.
YEAH, I'VE HELD IT IN
FOR A LONG TIME.
I CAN SEE THAT.
WE HAVE YOUR BACK,
WE'VE GOT YOU.
I KNOW.
WE HAVE YOUR BACK,
WE'VE GOT YOU.
I KNOW.
NOW YOU'RE SOUNDING
LIKE A TEAMMATE.
LIKE THE WAY
YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING
AN OWNER.
GOOD.
NOW THAT TREVOR'S GONE,
I DID MAKE SOME CALLS,
AND I HAVE FOUND A CHEF, OKAY?
OH, THANK GOD.
SOMEONE TO LEAD
YOUR KITCHEN.
I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET DON WOLF.
HOW ARE YOU, BUDDY?
- YOU GOOD?
- YEAH, I'M GREAT.
FIRST OF ALL, LOOK AT THAT SMILE
ON THAT FACE.
COLORADO BOY, LOCAL BOY.
OH.
YEAH, IN DENVER.
OH, COOL.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING,
HE RAN AS AN EXECUTIVE
SOUS CHEF
AT A VERY REPUTABLE
ITALIAN RESTAURANT IN DENVER.
HE HAS AN ENCYCLOPEDIA
OF KNOWLEDGE
IN CONJUNCTION
WITH ITALIAN CUISINE.
I'VE ARRANGED FOR HIM TO STAY
FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS,
AND SECURE A NEW CHEF
COMING IN.
OKAY.
LISTEN TO THIS GUY.
I PLAN ON IT.
HE'S GONNA TEACH YOU
EVERYTHING HE KNOWS.
ABSORB IT LIKE A SPONGE.
IT'S MY PLEASURE.
I'M READY.
GET TO KNOW YOUR NEW TEAM.
I WILL.
HOW'S IT GOING?
I'M KEVIN.
PRETTY GOOD.
KEVIN?
NICE TO MEET YOU.
GOOD TO MEET YOU, MAN.
COOKING IS A WHOLE DIFFERENT
STORY FOR ME NOW.
WE USED TO COOK WITH MICROWAVES.
NOW WE COOK WITH OVENS.
I'M GONNA GRASP
AS MUCH AS I CAN RIGHT NOW
AND LEARN FROM CHEF DON.
WE'RE GONNA LEARN
EVERYTHING...
OH, GOOD.
AND IT'S SIMPLE,
AND IT'S DELICIOUS.
IT IS SO AMAZING
THAT CHEF RAMSAY
GOT THIS NEW CHEF FOR ME,
AND I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I'M OVER THE MOON.
MMM.
THAT'S GOOD.
COMING UP, CHEF RAMSAY
RE-LAUNCHES MANGIA MANGIA.
WE'RE COOKING FOOD NOW,
NOT REHEATING IT.
WILL JULIE BE ABLE TO HANDLE
THE NUMEROUS CHANGES?
WE'RE JUST STRAIGHT, EVERYBODY
OFF, RUSHING, RUSHING, RUSHING.
IT'S NEW, IT'S NEW.
OR WILL A CRITICAL MISTAKE
RUIN THE RESTAURANT'S COMEBACK?
SO NOW, YOU'VE JUST
COMPLETELY SCREWED US.
CONFIDENT
IN THE DRAMATIC CHANGES
THAT ARE COMING
FOR MANGIA MANGIA,
CHEF RAMSAY HAS SURPRISED
JULIE AND THE STAFF...
LET'S GO, LET'S GO,
LET'S GO.
WITH A COMMUNITY EVENT
TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE
TO RETURN TO THE RESTAURANT.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WELCOME.
I AM SO GRATEFUL
FOR YOU ALL TO BE HERE.
WE ARE MAKING
DRAMATIC CHANGES
TO YOUR LOCAL
ITALIAN RESTAURANT,
AND I KNOW THAT YOU
ARE GONNA LOVE THEM.
HI, MY NAME'S JULIE.
I OWN MANGIA MANGIA.
I AM SO EXCITED
TO SEE YOU ALL HERE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING.
THE WHOLE TOWN'S HERE.
IT'S A GREAT FEELING
THAT THEY'RE HERE
TO SUPPORT US.
WHOA!
IN ADDITION TO THE ACTIVITIES...
AND THE SAMPLING
OF SOME MENU ITEMS...
VERY GOOD.
MMM.
CHEF RAMSAY HAS INVITED
LOCAL DIGNITARIES...
ARE WE READY?
TO PARTICIPATE
IN A PASTA EATING CONTEST.
ON YOUR MARK, GET SET, GO!
IT WAS AMAZING.
THE CROWD WAS ALL HAPPY FOR US.
EVERYBODY SEEING THIS?
FIVE, FOUR, THREE, TWO, ONE!
STOP!
NOW THEY'RE ACTUALLY REALIZING
THAT WE'RE TRYING
TO CHANGE THINGS,
AND THEY'RE SUPPORTING IT.
FRESH BRUSCHETTA RIGHT HERE,
YEAH.
THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
EXCELLENT.
IT IS SO DELICIOUS, I LOVE IT.
IT'S GREAT FLAVOR.
THANKS FOR COMING.
THANK YOU.
THANKS.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GO
TO MANGIA MANGIA
AND TRY THE NEW MENU.
IT LOOKS MUCH BETTER
THAN IT WAS BEFORE.
THIS IS WONDERFUL.
OH, THANK YOU!
I CAN'T WAIT TO COME
TO YOUR RESTAURANT.
OH, PLEASE COME.
EVERYBODY IS SAYING THEY LOVE
THE FOOD, I AM SO EXCITED.
THIS IS OUR CHANCE
TO PROVE TO EVERYBODY
THAT MANGIA MANGIA IS BACK.
WHILE A BIG PART OF YESTERDAY
WAS SPENT SPREADING THE WORD
ABOUT THE NEW MANGIA MANGIA,
LAST NIGHT, CHEF RAMSAY'S TEAM
WORKED AROUND THE CLOCK
AND MADE
A MASSIVE TRANSFORMATION
TO THE DINING ROOM.
ARE YOU READY TO SEE
THE NEW MANGIA MANGIA?
YES.
WELCOME TO THE NEW
MANGIA MANGIA.
ALL RIGHT.
OH, MY GOSH.
JUMP IN.
OH, WOW.
LOOK AT THE WALL, OH, MY GOSH.
OH, MY GOSH, IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
OH, MY G--
NO WAY.
- OH, NO.
- JUMP ON IN.
WOW.
IT LOOKS STUNNING.
IT IS, OH... WOW.
RIGHT.
WELCOME
TO YOUR NEW RESTAURANT.
WOW, I'M STUNNED.
GONE IS THAT BLAND,
BEIGE COLOR
AND IN ITS PLACE,
A SPRUCE, VIBRANT GREEN.
WOW.
COOL.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
GONE ARE THOSE DREADFUL,
DREARY BOOTHS.
WE'VE REPLACED ALL THE SEATING
WITH THESE BEAUTIFUL
WOODEN CHAIRS,
WHICH DRAMATICALLY OPENS UP
THIS BEAUTIFUL ROOM.
WOW.
I LOVE THE CHAIRS.
OH, MY GOSH, THEY'RE GORGEOUS.
IT'S AWESOME.
THIS IS AWESOME.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT?
WITH THOSE BOOTHS GONE,
THE FLOW OF SERVICE
SHOULD FUNCTION SO MUCH BETTER.
WOW, I'M OVERWHELMED.
IT'S A WARM, COMFORT FEELING
IN HERE RIGHT NOW.
DOESN'T IT?
LOOK AT THE WALL.
BEFORE, IT WAS AN EYESORE.
NOW THAT WE HAVE BEAUTIFULLY
MADE IT BLEND RIGHT IN.
THIS IS GREAT.
BREATHTAKING.
ISN'T IT BREATHTAKING?
IT REALLY IS.
IT'S GORGEOUS.
LOOK AT THE WINDOWS,
FULL LENGTH WOODEN BLINDS
DRAPED WITH WONDERFUL
TAUPE CURTAINS.
IT IS ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL.
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL.
AND LET'S BE HONEST,
IT DOES NOT LOOK
ANYTHING LIKE A FAST FOOD
RESTAURANT, RIGHT?
NO.
NO, NOT AT ALL.
I CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH.
DID YOU STILL LIKE THE OLD DECOR
THAT YOU SAID WAS BEAUTIFUL?
ONE OF THOSE--
NO, NO.
THIS IS SO MUCH BETTER.
YOU SURE?
YEAH, I'M SURE.
I THOUGHT MY OLD RESTAURANT
REALLY LOOKED GOOD,
BUT AFTER SEEING THIS,
I MUST'VE BEEN CRAZY.
I'M EXCITED.
I'M REALLY EXCITED.
THE PLACE LOOKS
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.
IT'S INVITING,
FEELS LIKE WOODLAND PARK.
PEOPLE ARE GONNA WANT TO COME
IN HERE AND ENJOY THEMSELVES.
THE PICTURES ARE NICE.
THIS IS REALLY COOL TOO.
I LIKE THIS.
THIS IS PROBABLY
THE BEST PRESENT
MY MOM'S EVER GOTTEN
IN HER ENTIRE LIFE.
I'VE NEVER SEEN HER
THAT HAPPY BEFORE.
TO GO ALONG WITH THE COMPLETELY
REVAMPED DINING ROOM...
PLEASE TAKE A COPY OF THE MENU
AND HAND IT DOWN.
WOW.
CHEF RAMSAY HAS DONE HIS MAGIC
TO THE MENU AS WELL
WITH FRESH ITALIAN CUISINE
THAT IS SURE TO BE A HIT
WITH THIS TIGHT-KNIT COMMUNITY.
VISUALLY, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
GORGEOUS.
ABSOLUTELY, IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IT SCREAMS "EAT ME," YEAH?
ABSOLUTELY.
LET'S START OFF
WITH THE BRUSCHETTA.
GREAT LITTLE BOARD
FOR SHARING.
SO WHILST THE GUESTS
ARE UNDECIDED
WHAT THEY'RE GONNA BE HAVING,
HIT THE TABLE
WITH THE BRUSCHETTA.
LIKEWISE WITH THE CHEF'S
ANTIPASTO MIXTURE
OF SALAMIS, MEAT, CHEESES,
AND SOME PICKLED VEGETABLES.
THOSE TWO SHOULD HIT THE TABLE
IMMEDIATELY.
THE SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS
COME WITH A RICH TOMATO SAUCE,
FRESH BASIL,
AND SPICY DELICIOUS MEATBALLS.
MMM, YUM.
YUM.
MANGIA MANGIA'S
VERY OWN LASAGNA.
LOOK AT THOSE LAYERS.
AND GUESS WHAT.
BREAKING NEWS.
IT'S COMING FROM THE OVEN.
NOT THE MICROWAVE.
YES!
NEXT TO THAT,
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
PAN-SEARED SALMON.
A BIG HIT.
SERVED WITH A NICE, FRAGRANT
LEMON RISOTTO. SIMPLE.
A CHOCOLATE MOLTEN LAVA CAKE.
DELICIOUS, CREAMY, RICH,
SUMPTUOUS IN THE MIDDLE.
CUT THROUGH,
IT JUST OOZES.
THAT'S PERFECT.
LET ME ASK YOU THIS,
WHAT PERCENT
OF THIS SMALL MENU'S FROZEN?
WELL, I'M SURE NOTHING.
NOT A FROZEN INGREDIENT
ANYWHERE,
NOT A MICROWAVE "BING"
IN SIGHT.
YOU HAVE TO EMBRACE CHANGE.
EVERYTHING HERE IS FRESH.
NOW, TO GO ALONG
WITH YOUR STUNNING FOOD,
WE HAVE A COMPLETE NEW RANGE
OF FLATWARE AND DINNERWARE
PROVIDED BY ONEIDA.
RIGHT, GET UP TO SPEED.
DIG IN.
MMM, THAT'S GOOD.
ISN'T IT?
IT'S THAT SAUCE.
I'M EXTREMELY EXCITED
TO COOK THIS NEW FOOD.
LIKE, IT FEELS LIKE
I LEFT MANGIA
AND WENT INTO
A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT KITCHEN.
WOW.
IT'S REALLY GOOD.
IT'S SO GOOD.
TASTING THIS NEW FOOD,
COMPARED TO MY OLD FOOD,
IT'S DAYLIGHT AND DARK.
THIS FOOD HAS GREAT FLAVOR.
I NOW REALIZE
THAT MY OTHER FOOD WAS BLAND.
THIS IS DELIGHTFUL.
I CAN'T EVEN PUT A PLATE
IN THE MICROWAVE,
THEY DON'T EVEN FIT.
COMING UP...
STOP.
THE PRESSURE IS ON
AS JULIE IS IN THE CENTER
OF THE ACTION.
WE'RE COOKING FOOD NOW,
NOT REHEATING IT.
THE QUESTION IS,
WILL SHE BE ABLE TO ADAPT
AND LEAD HER RESTAURANT
TO A SUCCESSFUL RE-LAUNCH...
WE'RE JUST STRAIGHT, EVERYBODY
OFF, RUSHING, RUSHING, RUSHING.
OR WILL SHE COLLAPSE AND
TAKE THE RESTAURANT WITH HER?
SO NOW, YOU'VE JUST
COMPLETELY SCREWED US.
IT'S MINUTES
BEFORE THE DOORS OPEN...
COME OVER GUYS, PLEASE. LET'S
GO TO THE DINING ROOM, SHALL WE?
AND THE MORALE IN THE RESTAURANT
IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
THAN WHEN CHEF RAMSAY
FIRST ARRIVED.
THE IMPORTANT THING TONIGHT
IS WHAT?
GETTING THE FOOD OUT,
MAKING SURE IT ALL RUNS SMOOTH.
COMMUNICATION.
YES.
YOU DON'T SEND MISTAKES
OUT OF THE KITCHEN.
WE'RE NOT GONNA EVEN ATTEMPT TO
SEND ANYTHING OUT SUBSTANDARD,
AND HEY, GUESS WHAT?
YOU'RE NOT GONNA BE PUSHING
ANY NUMBERS TONIGHT.
FOUR MINUTES, TWO MINUTES,
COCKTAIL STICKS.
YOU'LL BE COOKING.
COVERING WITH SARAN WRAP.
YEAH.
AND JUST WATCH YOUR SLEEVES.
IT'S A REAL OVEN,
SO IT'S HOT IN THERE.
YEAH?
- ARE WE READY?
- YES.
LET'S GO, GUYS, YEAH?
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S MAKE IT
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER.
RIGHT THIS WAY.
HERE'S OUR NEW FRESH MENU.
I'M SURE YOU'LL ENJOY IT.
WHILE CHEF DON WILL BE WORKING
WITH KEVIN BEHIND THE LINE...
YOU'RE THE EXPEDITER.
CHEF RAMSAY WANTS JULIE TO BE
WORKING IN THE KITCHEN AS WELL,
AND HE HAS
A CRITICAL TIP FOR HER
BEFORE THE START OF SERVICE.
YOU'VE GOT THIS DREADFUL HABIT
OF RUSHING THINGS.
I KNOW, I--OKAY.
YOU NEED TO SLOW DOWN.
RUSHING TAKES PLACE
IN FAST FOOD RESTAURANTS.
RIGHT.
YOU HAVE SOMETHING UNIQUE NOW.
OKAY.
YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT
AND NURSE IT.
OKAY.
ANYONE AROUND AND SAYS,
"WELL, WE WAITED,"
NO, THEY'RE NOT REALLY
WAITING THAT LONG
'CAUSE IT'S COOKED TO ORDER.
OKAY.
GOT TO GET THAT THROUGH
IN THERE, YEAH?
I KNOW, IT'S NEW.
FIRST TICKET'S COMING IN.
HEARD?
WE'RE WORKING ON NINE
CALAMARI AND AN ANTIPASTI SALAD.
FANTASTIC, THANK YOU.
CALAMARI'S GOING DOWN.
CAN YOU FIRE TABLE FOUR,
PLEASE?
YOU GOT IT, BOSS.
YOU HAVE A FRIED ARTICHOKE
GOING, RIGHT?
YES.
AND THEN, THE NEXT APP
IS THE MEATBALLS.
COMING RIGHT UP.
MEATBALLS WORKING HARD.
A MEATBALL APP.
KEVIN, I NEED
TWO FRIED ARTICHOKES
AND ONE CALAMARI.
YOUR FIRST ONE'S GOING DOWN
RIGHT NOW.
DON'T START THE CALAMARI.
HE'S GOT FOUR CAESAR SALADS
ON THERE.
DO YOU HAVE
AN ANTIPASTO SALAD MADE?
YOU'RE DOING TWO AND EIGHT
RIGHT NOW?
OH, MY GOD.
KEVIN, YOU HEARD ME
ON THAT FRIED ARTICHOKE?
YEAH, IT'S IN THE OVEN.
YEAH, YOU JUST ASKED
A MINUTE AGO, JULIE.
GIVE HIM TIME.
UNDERSTAND ONE THING,
WE'RE COOKING FOOD NOW...
OKAY.
NOT REHEATING IT.
SO YOU HAVE TO CUT THESE GUYS
SOME SLACK.
ALL RIGHT.
UNDERSTAND THE DIFFERENCE,
HOW WE'RE COOKING, RIGHT?
YES, I DO.
THANK YOU.
ALTHOUGH IT IS VERY EARLY
IN SERVICE,
CHEF DON IS PUSHING ORDERS OUT
IN A TIMELY MANNER.
SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS
RIGHT HERE.
AND CUSTOMERS ARE THRILLED
WITH WHAT THEY ARE RECEIVING.
TASTES SO FRESH.
IT'S DELICIOUS.
THIS MIGHT BE THE BEST LASAGNA
I'VE EVER HAD.
BUT ABOUT 40 MINUTES
INTO SERVICE,
JULIE'S FAST FOOD MENTALITY
IS RETURNING.
CAN I TAKE THIS?
NOPE!
SHE HAS LOST A GRIP
ON WHAT HAS BEEN SENT...
HOW WE DOING ON THE CALAMARI
AND THE ARTICHOKE?
ALREADY GONE.
AND HAS FIRED TOO MANY ORDERS
TOO QUICKLY.
APPETIZER IN THE WINDOW, JULIE,
WHAT THEY FOR?
YOU GOT TWO CALAMARI--
I DON'T HAVE A TICKET FOR THESE,
THAT'S WHAT I'M--
I'M A LITTLE CONFUSED.
CREATING CONFUSION
IN THE KITCHEN.
KEVIN, I NEED
A CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE.
CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE
GOING DOWN.
DON'T HURRY ON THEM
BECAUSE THEY'RE ONLY,
LIKE, HALFWAY
THROUGH THEIR FOOD.
HEY, WHO HAD THE CAKES?
THEY GOTTA GO OUT.
WHAT'S WRONG?
THEY STILL HAVE THEIR FOOD.
BUT--BUT THEY'RE READY.
I KNOW.
THIS IS CRAZY.
GET--GET YOUR MOTHER.
THIS IS STUPID.
MOM, CHEF NEEDS YOU.
COME ON, JULIE..
YES?
YOU'RE FIRING--
COME HERE.
YOU'RE FIRING DESSERTS ON SEVEN.
THEY'RE STILL EATING,
SO NOW, YOU'VE JUST
COMPLETELY SCREWED US,
AND I'LL SHOW YOU WHY.
OKAY.
LOOK,
THEY'RE READY.
"A," THEY DESERVE A GAP
IN BETWEEN ENTREES,
APPETIZERS, AND DESSERTS.
THIS IS TABLE SEVEN.
YEAH, IT'S THIS ONE.
OKAY?
I'M NOT--I-I--OKAY, I--
WELL, ANYWAY, JUST--
BUT THEY HAVEN'T FINISHED
THEIR ENTREE, THAT'S ALL.
I UNDERSTAND.
OKAY, OKAY. OKAY.
LOOK, A CHOCOLATE MOLTEN LA--
IT'S NOT LIKE
TAKING ICE CREAM
OUT THE FREEZER.
I UNDERSTAND.
IT'S COOKED TO ORDER.
I UNDERSTAND. WE'LL--OKAY.
BUT THEY'RE STILL EATING
THEIR ENTREE...
WE'LL GET IT, OKAY.
AND WE'RE NOT GONNA RAM THEM
AND STUFF THEM LIKE PIGS.
IT IS SO IMPORTANT FOR MY MOM
TO FOLLOW THROUGH
WITH WHAT CHEF RAMSAY TOLD HER,
OR THIS PLACE WON'T SURVIVE.
JULIE.
YES?
THAT'S THE TRANSITION,
UNDERSTANDING THE WAIT.
OKAY.
IT'S AN EXPERIENCE NOW
WITH THIS FOOD,
SO YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND,
JUST THE PACE SLOWS DOWN A BIT.
OKAY.
REMEMBER, WE'RE A DIFFERENT
RESTAURANT THAN WE WERE...
AND I UNDERSTAND THAT.
HERE AT THE BEGINNING
OF THE WEEK.
I'LL BE VERY CAREFUL.
I ABSOLUTELY GOT THE POINT.
I HAVE TO REMEMBER,
THIS ISN'T
A FAST FOOD RESTAURANT ANYMORE.
WE ARE COOKING EVERYTHING
FRESH TO ORDER,
AND IT TAKES TIME TO GET THERE.
DIFFERENT SERVICE,
WE'RE USED TO SLAMMING FOOD OUT,
SO THIS IS DIFFERENT.
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
WHAT ABOUT TWO?
CAN YOU FIRE IT?
ABSOLUTELY.
TIRAMISU, 19.
ARE YOU READY FOR IT, ANDIE?
YES.
OKAY.
CAN YOU RUN THAT TO FIVE,
PLEASE?
SURE.
CHEF RAMSAY'S WORDS HAVE NOW
CLEARLY REGISTERED WITH JULIE.
SO YOU'RE WORKING ON EIGHT
RIGHT NOW?
I'M DOING EIGHT RIGHT NOW, YES.
YEAH, THEN I'M GONNA NEED 15
AND 1 RIGHT BEHIND IT.
SHE IS NOW MANAGING THE KITCHEN
PROPERLY...
ARTICHOKE HEARTS!
THANK YOU.
I NEED A RUNNER.
AND UNDERSTANDS
THAT THE OPERATION
OF THE NEW MANGIA MANGIA
IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
THAN WHAT IT WAS BEFORE....
GLAD IT WASN'T MICROWAVED.
AND SO IS THE APPRECIATION
FOR THE FOOD.
THIS LOOKS REALLY FRESH.
I GUESS WE'LL HAVE TO MAKE THIS
PART OF OUR DATE NIGHT.
IT'S BEEN A REALLY LONG TIME
SINCE I'VE SEEN THIS RESTAURANT
WITH SO MUCH ENERGY
AND REPEAT CUSTOMERS.
MANGIA MANGIA
IS DEFINITELY BACK.
CHRIS, HOW WE DOING
OUT THERE?
EVERYTHING IS VERY SMOOTH
SO FAR, CHEF.
GOOD.
THEY LOVE IT.
GREAT, GOOD TO HEAR.
THEY LOVE THE FOOD.
THEY'RE THRILLED, THEY JUST
THINK IT'S SO DELICIOUS.
GOOD JOB, YOU GUYS.
NO, GOOD JOB, YOU.
I SAW A HUGE CHANGE IN JULIE.
SHE WAS ACTUALLY STANDING
ON THE LINE, NOT SCREAMING,
JUST KEEPING EVERYBODY
COMMUNICATING.
IT'S JUST LIKE, YOU KNOW,
SHE WAS REBORN. IT WAS PERFECT.
VERY NICE JOB.
NICE JOB, UP TOP.
IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME
THAT I FINALLY HAVE
A SUCCESSFUL RESTAURANT.
NO MORE MESSING AROUND
IN THIS RESTAURANT.
I'M THE BOSS.
I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D BE STANDING HERE
WITH A HUGE SMILE
ON MY FACE.
ME EITHER, HONESTLY.
WELL DONE.
OH, THANK YOU.
ALL OF YOU, A INCREDIBLY
SUCCESSFUL RE-LAUNCH.
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
GREAT.
GOOD, AND SO YOU SHOULD.
AND SO YOU SHOULD.
GOOD JOB.
AS DRAMATIC AS THE CHANGE THIS
RESTAURANT HAS GONE THROUGH,
THERE WAS SOMETHING ELSE
THAT WAS EVEN MORE DRAMATIC,
AND THAT WAS JULIE.
MY DARLING, TONIGHT,
YOU TOOK THE REINS
AND YOU WERE IN CHARGE.
YOU SOUNDED AND YOU LOOKED
LIKE A BOSS.
GOOD JOB.
REALLY GOOD JOB.
VERY GOOD JOB.
THANK YOU.
YEAH, TREMENDOUS HELP
BACK THERE.
YEAH, IT WAS.
IT REALLY WAS.
YEAH, SHE DIDN'T SWEAR
EITHER.
YEAH.
NO.
I DIDN'T.
JUST SLOW DOWN
AND YOU'RE GONNA NAIL IT.
THERE WAS A REALLY BIG CHANGE
IN MY MOM TONIGHT.
BEFORE ALL OF THIS STARTED,
YOU COULD TELL
MY MOM DIDN'T REALLY WANT
TO BE HERE.
SHE WOULD CURSE AND SHE WOULD
NOT CARE IF THINGS WENT WRONG,
OR SHE WOULD JUST
GET FRUSTRATED.
MY MOM REALLY STEPPED UP
AND REALLY ACTED LIKE THE OWNER.
I NEED YOU ALL
TO MAKE A PROMISE TO ME.
WE CANNOT GO BACK.
THERE'LL BE NO SHORTCUTS.
NO FREEZING
NO MICROWAVES.
AND NO MICROWAVES.
THANK YOU.
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT, YES?
YES.
THERE'S NO GOING BACK.
HANDS UP.
SWEAR.
THANK YOU.
PLEASE MAINTAIN THESE STANDARDS.
I WILL, I PROMISE.
MAKE IT HAPPEN, GUYS, YEAH?
GOOD JOB.
MWAH. MAKE SURE
YOU LOOK AFTER MOM.
ALL RIGHT, I WILL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING.
SERIOUSLY, WELL DONE.
THANK YOU.
GOOD JOB, YEAH?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I'M ROOTING FOR YOU.
I HOPE SO.
I'M--IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
YOU CAN DO IT, OKAY?
OKAY.
GOOD NIGHT, GUYS. WELL DONE.
THANK YOU, GOOD NIGHT.
WELL DONE.
CHEF RAMSAY DID EVERYTHING.
THERE ARE JUST SIMPLY NO WORDS
THAT CAN DESCRIBE
MY THANKS TO HIM.
I'M GONNA HAVE GOOD FOOD,
THE WORD'S GONNA GET OUT,
AND I CAN COME
INTO MY RESTAURANT AND BE PROUD.
WHEW.
WHEN I FIRST GOT HERE,
MANGIA MANGIA MAY HAVE BEEN
THE ONLY RESTAURANT IN AMERICA
THAT DIDN'T USE AN OVEN.
THAT'S HOW BAD IT GOT.
AND ON TOP OF THAT,
THERE WAS SO MUCH ANIMOSITY
BETWEEN THE STAFF MEMBERS,
JULIE WAS COMPLETELY LOST.
THIS HAS TO BE ONE
OF THE BIGGEST TRANSFORMATIONS
EVER ON KITCHEN NIGHTMARES,
BUT THE GOOD NEWS IS,
THE TOWN OF WOODLAND PARK
MAY ONLY HAVE
ONE ITALIAN RESTAURANT,
BUT RIGHT NOW,
THEY'VE GOT A GREAT ONE.
- WOW, A DRIVE-THROUGH ITALIAN.
- , THAT'S A FIRST FOR ME.
HE SMELLS REALLY GOOD.
HE REALLY DOES.
ONE MORE THING I HAVE TO DO.
SOMEBODY'S AT THE WINDOW.
ONE MICROWAVE TO GO,
PLEASE.
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
CAN YOU MANAGE?
WE'LL SEE.
THAT'S IT.
DOESN'T FIT THAT WAY.
THANK YOU.
HERE, THERE WE GO.
CLOSE YOUR WINDOW.
THERE--HOLD ON.
CLOSE YOUR WINDOW, THANK YOU.
CLOSING.
JANELLE?
JANELLE? JANELLE?
COMING.
HOLD ON THE BOTTOM, DARLING.
OKAY.
THAT'S IT.
AND I'VE GOT THE WEIGHT,
I'VE GOT THE LOAD.
OKAY.
OKAY, JUST SHOVE IT IN THERE.
THANK YOU, DARLING.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
EXCELLENT. BYE-BYE.
BYE.
OH,.
OH, THAT WAS FUNNY.
AFTER CHEF RAMSAY LEFT,
THE POSITIVE MOOD
AND THE POSITIVE FEEDBACK
CONTINUED AT MANGIA MANGIA.
JULIE ENDED UP EXTENDING
CHEF DON'S STAY...
FIRING TABLE TEN, I NEED
A LASAGNA AND A SHORT RIB.
LASAGNA'S GOT FIVE MINUTES.
AND WITH HIS LEADERSHIP,
THE KITCHEN IS MUCH BETTER
ORGANIZED,
AND JULIE IS EVEN NOW
SPENDING TIME BEHIND THE LINE.
WE HAVE A BEET, A CAESAR,
AND A CALAMARI.
CALAMARI'S COMING UP.
YOU GUYS ARE DOING
A GREAT JOB.
THANK YOU.
JULIE IS A CHANGED WOMAN,
AND SHE FINALLY HAS
A QUAINT,
PREMIER ITALIAN RESTAURANT
IN THE PICTURESQUE TOWN
OF WOODLAND PARK, COLORADO.
REALLY GOOD.
THANKS FOR COMING IN.
THANK YOU.
THANKS FOR COMING.
ALL THE CRITICISM
THAT I GOT FROM CHEF RAMSAY
WAS, IN THE LONG RUN,
VERY GOOD.
I HAVE A BETTER RESTAURANT.
BUSINESS IS GREAT.
IT'S GONNA BE A WONDERFUL YEAR.
I KNOW IT.